DOC-1813-Release-Notes-3.6.4 as of July 10 (#311)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/release-notes/pages/index.adoc

* When a user tries to edit an inferred vertex from returned edges in GraphStudio's visualized query results, they will now see a warning to modify their queries to return the vertices to be able to edit the vertices.

== Deprecation and Compatibility Warnings
* The `-OPTIMIZE` flag for `INSTALL QUERY` is deprecated and is planned to be dropped in the 3.7 release.

> * Begining with 3.6.3, a vertex having an empty string as its primary id cannot be loaded. Previously, such a vertex was permitted.

Author: ```suggestion
* Beginning with 3.6.3, a vertex having an empty string as its primary id cannot be loaded. Previously, such a vertex was permitted.
```

* When available memory becomes very low in a cluster and there are a large number of vertex deletions to process, some remote servers might have difficulty receiving the metadata needed to be aware of all the deletions across the full cluster. The mismatched metadata will cause the GPE to go down.
* If `System.Backup.Local.Enable` is set to `true`, this also enables a daily full backup at 12:00am UTC
* Vertex primary IDs are treated as STRING, regardless of whether they are declared as STRING, INT, or UINT.
If a vertex is defined to have INT or UINT type IDs, but the user tries to load string values, the string values will be accepted, because the type is not checked.

> If the `primary_id_as_attribute` option is selected, then attending to perform numeric options on a pirmary id may encounter a data type conflict error.

Author: ```suggestion
If the `primary_id_as_attribute` option is selected, then attempting to perform numeric options on a primary id may encounter a data type conflict error.
```
